[JAMES-3187] Update the "Concepts/Protocols" section of the new documentation (#200)
apache/james-project: docs/modules/concepts/pages/protocols/smtp.adoc

== Try It!

> You can connect manually to the James SMTP server using telnet.

Reviewer: I don't really like that section: one should not run non-starttls servers and if you configure yours to use starttls you won't be able to test with telnet.
There's a solution with openssl to handle that situation but it makes things more complex than it's worth IMO.
What about providing a test tool instead?

Author: Note that this is *only* for the demo server, which should never be used in production.

Reviewer: I could not find why it's demo server only from the structure or the text in this file.

Author: It is implied in the "Requirements" list: "Run the long demo (without stopping)". (That item still needs a link, of course.)

Can you suggest something else I could do to make it more obvious?

Reviewer: Ok, I see now, I would say:

```suggestion
You can try speaking SMTP with your demo server by connecting to it using telnet. It would not work on a real world server as it would requires encrypted traffic. See "using openssl to talk to your server"
```

And I would write that section about using openssl (:

I can help if needed for that section, don't hesitate to ask
